All mons use ORAS learnsets, unless they were introduced later, in which case they use the earliest learnset they have.
For the sake of usability and balance, some starters have had their level up moves adjusted slightly (and Zorua, its ability).

Starter Pokemon:
Vulpix-A: Ice shard moved from level 10 to level 1. Powder snow removed.
Zorua: Ability Illusion changed to Keen eye. Gets Fake Tears at level 8 instead of 9, and now gets Thief at level 10.
Zorua-H: Has wall-walking disabled despite its ghost typing. Ability Illusion changed to Keen Eye. Gets Shadow Sneak at 8 and Hone Claws at 12 instead of the other way around.
Cubone: Gets tackle at level 1. By level 5, its level moveset originally was only growl and tail whip, which is pretty awkward.
Sprigatito: Custom Halcyon add. Uses SV Learnset but removes anything exclusive to later games.
Espurr: Normally doesn't get level up moves past 25, so it's been given a mix of male and female Meowstic's moves. Its post 25 moveset is:
	28: Charge Beam 31: Shadow Ball 35: Reflect 40: Psychic 43: Role Play 45: Signal Beam 48: Sucker Punch 50: Future Sight 53: Quick Guard
Charcadet: Has Psybeam, Shadow Sneak, and Flamethrower via level up now, shifting other moves til later levels to accomodate. Levelup learnset is now:
1: Ember, Leer, Astonish 8: Clear Smog 12: Fire Spin 16: Will-o-Wisp 20: Psybeam 24: Night Shade 28: Flame Charge 32: Shadow Sneak 36: Flamethrower 40: Lava Plume 44: Incinerate
Riolu: Learns Force Palm at 11 and Feint at 15 instead of the other way around.
Shinx: Learns Spark at 11 and Baby Doll Eyes at 13 instead of the other way around.
Phanpy: Now learns Mud-Slap at 8 and Bulldoze at 22.
Yamper: Learns Spark at 15 and Roar at 20, instead of the other way around.
Rockruff: Learns Rock Throw at 12 and Howl at 15 instead of the other way around. 


Dungeon Pokemon:
Voltorb-H - learns Sonicboom at level 1.
Sewaddle - Replaced Bug Bite with Leech Life on the levelup table.
Shieldon - Added Rock Throw at level 12.

Evolutions for the dungeon Pokemon are given these changes as well for completion's sake, though the levels at which they get those moves may be a bit different (but reasonable).

Sandile is given a second form that wears a scarf.
Luxio's regular portrait has been swapped out for something a bit more smug. Original portrait is now Special0.
Shuckle has some additional animations added for use in the cafe.
